We recommend starting with the dynamic warm up motion
before you static stretch.
So, put your hands together.
And rotate so your fingers touch your palms.
Now do the warm-up motion 3 times.
And 3.
OK. Let’s stretch by slowly moving your hands farther down this time.
And hold this static stretch position while you count to 5.
3...
4...
and 5.
Now change your hand position so the other hand is on top.
And do the warm-up motion 3 times.
2...
and
3.
Let's hold the stretch and count of 5.
3...
4...
5...
Relax. Now, bring your hands up to eye level.
Rotate so that your fingers touch the palms.
And do the warm-up motion 3 times.
3...
2...
1. To increase your range of motion, hold this stretch and count to 5.
3...
4...
and 5.
Relax. Rotate your hands so that the other hand is on top.
Do the warm up motion.
1...
2...
3. And do the static stretch to the count of 5.
3...
4...
and 5.
The next motion will stretch the muscles across the front of your chest.
This is valuable because most manual tasks cause the muscles
on the front of the chest
to get short and tight, while the muscles on the upper back
get too loose and stretched out.
This can contribute to neck and back pain.
Let's start by putting our hands together behind your back,
or again if this is uncomfortable by your side.
Do the warm up motion first.
1...
2...
3.
Now stretch your shoulders and the front of your chest
by moving your shoulders back.
And let's hold the stretch.
1...
2...
3...
4...
and 5.
Now you know how to use the Fingers To Palms Re-energizer
for dynamic warm-up. Or, for static stretching.
And remember, use dynamic warm-up before activity.
And use static stretching after activity.